Add plate 2 download and max projection modules (#20)
WayScience/pyroptosis_signature: Plate_2_data/1.cellprofiler_quality_control/README.md

# Create LoadData CSV and create maximum projection images 

In this module, we create a LoadData csv and run a CellProfiler pipeline that performs maximum projection on the images and saves them into a new folder.
This pipeline names the outputted max projected images as the last z-plane.

> In our case we have 4 z-planes (p01-p03) so our images contain the last z-plane p04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case we have 4 z-planes (p01-p03) so our max projected images are found in the last z-plane p04.
```

Is this suggested edit accurate? You may also consider adding a link to where Erin previously guided you describing this consequence.

Author: It is linked in the wave 3 portion of this repo but I will add it here, doesn't hurt at all since this helped a lot.

As well, I do not think that is accurate because the maximum projected images are still calculated by finding the max pixel for every well/site image, it just names the outputted image with the last z-plane value. I will correct this sentence to reflect that.

Author: See https://github.com/WayScience/pyroptosis_signature/pull/20/commits/0b6a5953d29cbd11eea74fc8d01ecbef570459ac for change

## pe2loaddata

To create the LoadData csv file for CellProfiler, we use a software called [pe2loaddata](https://github.com/broadinstitute/pe2loaddata/tree/220ac512bfc0c2e582d379b19411c1585272aee3). 

> This will create a LoadData csv from the Phenix metadata XML file generated from data acquisition. 

Reviewer: This section feels very similar to the section below called `Create the LoadData CSV and create max projection images`

Consider consolidating sections to increase clarity

Author: I agree that they sound very similar. I added more information on the software. See commit https://github.com/WayScience/pyroptosis_signature/pull/20/commits/0b6a5953d29cbd11eea74fc8d01ecbef570459ac
